software/arduino-1.8.13/portable/sketchbook/libraries/UArmForArduino/README.md, before:

﻿
**Compatible**

 - uArm Metal

Specification Please read Documentation Center /API
[Developer Center][3]  

## Installation
```Bash
    $ mkdir -p ~/workspace
    $ cd ~/workspace
    $ git clone https://github.com/abstractguy/TSO_project.git
    $ cd TSO_project/software/arduino-1.8.13
```

- Then choose one of the installation methods in the directory
- Select board as ```Genuino Uno```, and port as ```/dev/ttyUSB0```(i.e. for linux)
- Upload the firmware/firmware.ino to your uArm
  If you don't know how to upload Arduino sketch,  We recommend you read this [Arduino Getting Started on Windows][397d20eb] or [Arduino Getting Started on MacOS][2d8a8b7a]
- You need to recalibrate when you are new to this library. we recommend the GUI Calibration tool.


### Getting Started

please reference Arduino [GettingStarted][GettingStarted] Sketch

  [3]: http://developer.ufactory.cc/quickstart/arduino/
  [622f1188]: https://www.arduino.cc/en/Main/Software "Arduino IDE"
  [397d20eb]: https://www.arduino.cc/en/Guide/Windows "Arduino Getting Start on Windows"
  [2d8a8b7a]: https://www.arduino.cc/en/Guide/MacOSX "Arduino Getting Started on MacOS"
  [GettingStarted]: @ref GettingStarted.ino

Commit message:

Improved documentation (README.md), added VirtualBox install script and added conversion functions.

software/arduino-1.8.13/portable/sketchbook/libraries/UArmForArduino/README.md, after:

﻿
**Warning, This Library is for developer, After upload the library, you must recalibrate the uArm**

**Compatible**

 - uArm Metal

Specification Please read Documentation Center /API
[Developer Center][3]  

## Installation

- Download and install [Arduino IDE][622f1188]  
- Clone the source code under ```~/Arduino/libraries/```
- Open Arduino IDE, choose one ```ino``` file under ```examples/```
- Select board as ```Genuino Uno```, and port as ```/dev/ttyUSB0```(i.e. for linux)
- Upload the example to your uArm
 If you don't know how to upload Arduino sketch,  We recommend you read this [Arduino Getting Started on Windows][397d20eb] or [Arduino Getting Started on MacOS][2d8a8b7a]
- You need to recalibrate when you are new to this library. we recommend the GUI Calibration tool.


### Getting Started

please reference Arduino [GettingStarted][GettingStarted] Sketch

  [3]: http://developer.ufactory.cc/quickstart/arduino/
  [622f1188]: https://www.arduino.cc/en/Main/Software "Arduino IDE"
  [397d20eb]: https://www.arduino.cc/en/Guide/Windows "Arduino Getting Start on Windows"
  [2d8a8b7a]: https://www.arduino.cc/en/Guide/MacOSX "Arduino Getting Started on MacOS"
  [GettingStarted]: @ref GettingStarted.ino
